OLS-1356: Document Swagger support for OLS (#109931)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ols-proc-regenerate-the-openapi-schema.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// lightspeed-docs-main/operate/ols-using-openshift-lightspeed.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ols-proc-regenerate-the-openapi-schema_{context}"]
= Regenerate the OpenAPI schema

[role="_abstract"]

> Regenerate the OpenAPI schema to update the docs/openapi.json file after making development changes. You must maintain a current schema to prevent documentation drift and integration test failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regenerating the OpenAPI schema updates the `docs/openapi.json` file to reflect recent development changes. Keeping the schema current prevents documentation drift and ensures that integration tests accurately validate the API.
```

> Regenerating the OpenAPI schema to updates the `docs/openapi.json` file to reflect recent development changes. Keeping the schema current prevents documentation drift and ensures that integration tests accurately validate the API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Regenerating the OpenAPI schema updates the `docs/openapi.json` file to reflect recent development changes. Keeping the schema current prevents documentation drift and ensures that integration tests accurately validate the API.
```
